Hey, good morning family.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, I have my prayer warriors in here with me.
We're going to do a prayer video.
Diana's over here and Braden's in here.
And so Diana's doing some emails and some things for the ministry while we are doing this and praying.
I said, 'I know you're busy, but I need you at least in the room with me.
I love having my family pray with me.
' So, I want to encourage you all.
I want to tell y'all something that I'm excited about right now.
Billye Brim has a meeting that is coming up.
Billy Burke has meetings that are coming up.
You should support these people.
They are good people, and I'm telling you, they love the Lord.
And Billye Brim has her Autumn Assembly of Prayer that is coming up in October.
This is a life-changing prayer seminar.
And I'm telling you all, if you go to this, you'll leave with your life charged.
Many of you do not have prayer covering and are not taught prayer like you'll be taught at this prayer conference.
So, I encourage you, if you want to have some beautiful fall weather, if you want to come out and enjoy the autumn leaves and all the things changing, the Ozark Mountains during October are absolutely beautiful.
And I'm telling you, usually, it's really starting to peak.
You'll start to see trees changing, especially if you live up north and you're driving down south towards us.
But I want to encourage you all to come out and support this meeting.
It will truly bless you.
I say this because I want it to be full for her.
You know, it's such an event that people need to be a part of.
They have hotels all around there.
There are fun places to eat.
And I don't want you to come for me because I will be there, but come for her.
Come to get some prayer.
Sister Lynne Hammond will be there.
Her daughters are there.
There will be other speakers there.
And so I want you to pray about coming out to the Prayer at the Ozarks Autumn Assembly.
You can look it up on Sister Billye's website, BillyeBrim.
org, and you can get the rest of the information there.
I believe it's like the 15th, 16th, 17th, 18th, 19th, 20th, somewhere right there.
It's like a six-day window, and there's a tent meeting.
It's awesome out in the campground, and it's full.
Last year the glory cloud came, if you remember, and my wife saw the glory cloud come in there, and it was so thick that people who needed creative miracles in their shoulders were getting healed by the power of God.
I'm talking the glory showed up last year, and I'm expecting it again this year.
And then Billy Burke has meetings all over.
Look at his itinerary.
He's in Alaska, Tennessee in October, Oklahoma, Texas, and California.
He's going to be all over the place, and Billy Burke always goes to Pennsylvania.
So, I encourage you to go out and be a part of his meetings.
But go there expecting to get refilled, and be expecting that God's going to show up and show off in your life so that when you get there, you go, 'Man, I got impartation today.
' Now, go up there and go, 'Well, impress me, preacher.
' No.
Go say, 'God, I'm looking for you.
I'm looking for you when I come to this service, that you're going to show up and show off in my life.
' So, I just wanted to start my video off by telling you that.
I know there's a lot of you that just watch the beginning, but these are very important meetings to me that are coming.
And so, I love these people.
Go to BillyeBrim.
org and BillyBurke.
org and see their itineraries.
Billy Burke even has a healing school that's coming up in August.
I don't know if it's too late to register for that, but I would be so excited for his healing school.
He's going to be teaching healing and all kinds of cool things there for like three days.
Especially if he's coming to your area, even Diana, do not miss these meetings.
You're missing out.
They will change your life from the inside out.
And I give all the glory to God.
But I'm telling you something.
If I lived near there, you couldn't keep me out of the door of what's going to happen.
I'd be like, 'Get me on the front row, pushing people.
' Sister, you see, Brandon is like, 'Excuse me,' you know, stiff arm, splash zone.
Diana and I went in a splash zone.
We're at SeaWorld when Shamu comes up there and goes boom.
I want to get wet from the Holy Ghost.
I'm fighting for the front row.
I'm like, 'You know what Brandon's problem is?
He's up there.
' I'm like, 'Get me up there.
' You know, but it's the truth.
That's the way I feel about it.
He's aggressive.
I'm like, 'Yes, I am.
When it comes to things of God, I am.
I'm hungry.
' So, I encourage you all to support Billy Burke.
Please do if you're around.
And really pray about going to some of his meetings.
They'll change your life.
And then Billye Brim's fall conference.
Okay, there are some things the Lord has instructed me to talk about today concerning people going home.
Now, I want you to recall some of the things that I've told you.
There will be ministers and people that the Lord said judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
And I saw a transition of ministers, movie stars, politicians, people going home in the days ahead.
A great harvest of people going home.
The Lord said to me, 'Brandon, I want you to address this.
Not every person that goes home in the days ahead has corruption in their ministry.
' There will be people who say, 'Well, you know, they were a big minister.
They had a huge platform, and Brandon warned us that judgment would come and these ministers would go home.
' The Lord said, 'No.
' He said to me, 'I have fought the good fight.
I have finished the race, and I have kept my faith.
' And there will be many of them where it's just time for them to transition, and their promotion is waiting.
And I'm telling you, I've seen a mega minister that's about to go home.
And it will be on the news all over the United States, even the world.
People will be talking about this mega minister that's about to go home.
I'm telling you, this person is not corrupt from what I have seen.
And the Lord wants you to know when you see certain ministers go home, it's not because of judgment.
It's because it's their season.
They fought the good fight.
He warned me with a specific word to tell you there will be judgment in some houses, and they will be preaching behind the pulpit and they will fall over.
For He gave them time and time again to repent from corruption in their ministry.
And even with certain things, I've spoken to other people, and He said to me, 'Brandon, there's great corruption with finances in certain ministries.
' And He told me, 'Touch not the gold.
Touch not the glory,' and basically keep out of immoral sexual sin with women or men.
He said these are major snares to take down ministries.
So you will see in the days ahead, some will be because seed time and harvest has accelerated.
And you need to know that whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
And if you have sowed in corruption, you will reap it if you don't repent.
It's not that God is out of time.
Seed time and harvest is accelerating.
And it will be soon seed, harvest.
There will be a very short window of time, maybe 24 hours for certain seeds that you sow.
And you'll see it rain on the just and the unjust in the days ahead.
But not every person that goes home is because of corruption.
And you need to know that.
Okay, so that was one of the major words the Lord told me in the last 48 hours.
You must pray because there's a great transition coming for certain things.
And I can tell you, it will be a sad day for some.
It's sad when you see somebody you really love and respect go home all of a sudden.
You're like, 'Man, they leave a void in that area because they were here for so long.
' People have a great impact on people's lives, and when you're doing that and you're imparting into people, it's sad to see somebody that you love go home.
But we know we're going to see them again, right?
And like the Braden just said, there's a time to live and there's a time to die, and that's exactly what we're about to see.
There's a time to live and there's a time to die.
There's a time to plant and there's a time to harvest, just like it is with everything in life.
And when you fight the good fight and you finish your race, you kept the faith, you've done everything that the Lord has told you to do.
Oh, what a promotion we're about to see for some folks, for some people.
Because the Lord told me, He said, 'I want you to begin to hear Me speak to you without words.
What does the atmosphere feel?
I'm talking to you, Brandon.
' Just like how I can see Diana, if she's upset about something or if she's happy about something, she doesn't even have to say it out of her mouth.
You know why?
I can look at her body language and I can feel her.
I know her.
And you just know there's something off.
Something's hurt; somebody's hurt her.
And she doesn't even have to say anything.
Why?
Because I know her.
And the Lord said to me, He goes, 'The greatest form of communication, Brandon, is without words.
I don't even have to speak it to you.
You know, because you know Me and you know My heart.
You know what's bothering Me.
You know that grieved the Spirit of God today, what that person did or what you said, and I don't have to say anything to you.
The greatest form of communication does not have to be words.
It's just flowing with the Spirit of God each day.
' And the more you become personal with Him, He said, 'I will speak to you and I don't even have to say anything.
You'll just know.
' Follow the fruit of the Spirit.
If you are absent from the fruit of the Spirit, there's something, because He is joy, He is peace, He is patience, He is kindness, He is goodness, He is self-control.
And all the fruit of the Spirit is the Holy Spirit.
And what you're operating in, if you have fullness of joy, if you have fullness of peace, that is the Holy Spirit's fruit on your life.
And that's why I go, if there is an absence of fruit, you need to check yourself.
That's why I've been saying to the Lord, 'Man, Lord, I'm overcoming some little stuff here today.
What's going on?
' And Diana said, 'Where did you miss it here?
Where have we missed it?
' Go back to the road that God told us to get on and don't deviate off of the road whenever you see something over here that's shiny and you chase it.
Pull the car?
No.
Stay on I-35.
It's a big highway here.
Stay on I-35 and keep going.
Don't look at the sign that has the exit going off here, look, 'We got an attraction over here.
' And you're so excited because it's over here.
And, boy, this is really pretty over here.
And, boy, don't you want to get off the highway?
And you're going, and God's going, 'I never told you to get off the highway just because it's pretty.
Get back on the highway and go I-35 down.
' And you go, 'Oh, okay.
' I'm just telling you things that I'm walking out every day anyway.
And then He instructed me to do these seven channels, right?
So you have things that happen with a program.
You know what happened this week is we had the program changed.
So my instantaneous reaction to what happened was, 'Let's trim back.
Let's do this, let's do that.
' And the Lord said, 'What did I instruct you to do?
' Okay.
Well, that's hard for my flesh to hear, but I know what You told me to do.
And regardless of what the company does to overcharge or do whatever they're going to do, I say, 'I'm not moved by it.
' And, 'God, my bill is Your bill.
My need is Your need, and You'll supply for me,' right?
But your initial faith, your initial reaction of your flesh, you go, 'Well, you know, I guess it's time to do some different things here.
' And He said, 'I never told you to do anything different.
' Okay, that's great, you know, because sometimes what God tells you to do makes your flesh squirm.
But that's where trust comes in.
Either you are a believing believer and you believe in what He said to do and you're supposed to do it, or you don't.
But God is not schizophrenic, and God is not double-minded.
His yeses are yeses and His nos are nos in every area of your life.
He doesn't change His mind.
He's not flip-flop.
He's not weird.
Now, repentance changes things, like it did with Jonah, like it did with King Hezekiah.
Whenever King Hezekiah turned his face to the wall and repented, Elijah came back and said, 'I'm going to give you fifteen more years because you repented.
' Now, repentance changes things, right?
So, we know that because it happened several times in the Bible.
God is a God of mercy and God's a God of love.
And I'm telling you, if He said, 'If My people who are called by My name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then we would hear from heaven,' He said He'd heal our land.
So I believe if the United States of America has a Holy Ghost and we all get in sackcloth and ashes and we're out there praying, we're going to see the greatest revival.
Now, we're going to see a great shaking to awaken, and we're going to see things that we've never seen before.
And after I gave the word about the UFO thing and all that, I'm getting all kinds of people saying, 'Brandon, did you know Harvard said something's going to come by November that's an alien ship and all these things?
' And I'm thinking, 'Well, are they watching my video?
' Because that's what the Lord said.
Isn't that amazing?
Because I'm telling you all, a great deception is coming, and I'm trying to warn you all ahead of time.
If we abide in Him and His words remain in us, we're going to hear the news before it happens.
And we will be the news, and people will come here to get the news instead of going to other corrupt news channels telling you who's going home, telling you things are going to change with the weather.
Signs follow them that believe.
And I believe with all my heart, we're about to see people get raised from the dead.
We're going to see devils cast out because I said, 'Lord, let's impart into people special manifestations of deliverance ministry to set the captives free from demonic strongholds.
' I see so many people that are bound by demonic spirits.
And I'm telling you, God doesn't want any of us to have demonic spirits—attachments is what I call them.
You have little attachments, and people need to be free from these attachments.
Some people have attachments of addictions, of lust, of alcohol, of drugs.
Some people have attachments of anger issues, of depression issues.
There's all kinds of attachments trying to catch onto you over the course of your life.
And you've got to stay clean.
You've got to keep those attachments off and make sure.
Because the only way—Brother Hagin used to talk about it all the time, he's been in phases in ministry, and there are a lot of times that they would always have these demon-casting-out services, and they would vomit in bags and do all kinds of weird stuff over the course of time.
I mean, he was a general here for decades, right?
But he would have people come to his services and say, 'You've got to cast the devil out of me, and you've got to do all this all the time.
' But he said, 'I just started teaching the Word.
I just started teaching the Word of God.
' And the more I taught the word of God, the Bible says you will know the truth and the truth will set you free.
The truth will set you free and make you free.
So all this other stuff, casting out devils, people growling and acting nuts and all this stuff, you got to stay free.
They'll try to come back with eight more of his buddies, one of them.
If you don't get the word down inside of your spirit, you have to have this word foundation in your life for what's coming.
No matter how many prophetic voices and all the confusion that's going on on YouTube with this brother saying this and this sister saying this, and you got everybody and their brother prophesying a prophetic word telling you something different.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you.
God is not schizophrenic and God is not double-minded and there's no weirdness with the Father.
It's his yes is yes and his no is no.
And so you have to go back to what the word says every single time.
And you have to test the spirits and you have to get the word down inside your heart so that you don't get off into weirdness and go over here in La La Land and all this, or because sister so-and-so said something or Mr.
so-and-so said something, prophet so-and-so said something.
And I go, 'Listen, that's why I don't call myself a prophet, y'all, because there gets some flakiness going up in here.
' And I said, 'Always go back to the word of God.
You need to hear me.
You always go back to the word of God.
What does the word of God say?
What does it say about the signs of the times?
There'll be many false prophets.
What does it say we'll see?
What did Matthew 24 say?
It says we're going to see—this is the beginning of sorrows—earthquakes, all these things, but confirmation of where they'll be and wars and rumors of wars and warning you what's coming.
Fearful sights you're going to see because the Bible already told us all these things are going to come.
So what we are saying prophetically, what we're saying when we're praying is already in the word of God.
It doesn't deviate.
It's just more detail to it.
He already told us this stuff is coming.
So it does not deviate from the word of God.
You're not rogue.
You're not going Rambo.
You're not doing all these weird things.
And that's why I say be very cautious about some of this stuff.
I want you to be very cautious with what's coming because I feel an acceleration of deception is coming, of trying to get people confused.
We need to get back to the basics of the word of God, and prayer and fasting and seeking him daily, not coming on like a fortune teller and looking for the latest word from whoever.
And that's why I say we just got to pray together and what he shows us in prayer.
It's like I talked to Sister Billye.
She said—I told her, I said, 'I had a dream and this is what the Lord told me.
' He said, 'Brandon, the only time the gift is pure on your life (this is a personal word towards me) is whenever you're under the glory.
You do not operate outside of the glory.
Never.
Because a familiar spirit can snare you.
' And trust me, folks, it has tried.
And the Lord said, 'Test that.
Test that.
' Because I'll go in and say, 'This is what I feel like I heard the spirit of the Lord say,' and Diana will write it down.
And then we test it, we're praying over it.
And Diana said, 'We got to pray over that more.
' But the Lord said, 'Were you underneath my glory when you heard that?
' I said, 'No.
' He said, 'I told you the only time the gift is pure and accurate is when you're underneath my presence.
You do not operate in this any other way.
' So even me, somebody that's becoming more polished about doing this, still is a work in progress, still testing things, still growing from glory to glory, making sure I'm hearing accurately, saying, 'God, get back into the basics.
Go back to the foundation.
Go back to the ABCs and don't get into weirdness because there's a lot of weirdness out there.
' And don't go around saying, 'I need to hear a voice.
I need to hear him.
I want an audible voice,' because I'm going to tell you the devil will snare you with an audible voice, too.
That's why I told Sister Billye, I said, 'I don't care if I saw a holy angel choir.
' Just like Brother Hagin said, if it doesn't line up with the word and it's an experience, it doesn't matter to me.
We test the spirits.
Make sure it's in the word.
Make sure there's a foundation of it and that it's not flaky.
Pray over it and pray over it again.
That's why I want to encourage you so much.
I'm telling you, we get the emails, and there's a lot of people that are really being led by their emotions and led by demonic spirits and they think it's the spirit of God.
And I'm telling you, I told Diana, I said, 'My heart cries out for these people because we get the emails and Diana reads them and says, "What do you feel?
"' I said, 'That's not the Lord.
That's not the Lord.
' So, you watching my channel, the only way you are going to make sure that you're not snared by some demonic weirdness—and you think you're seeing some picture or something out of some kind of experience and this is God warning me and all these things—get a foundation of the word of God inside of your heart more and more and more.
The Lord told me, he said, 'It's time to come up higher and come up unto me more.
You have to sit at my feet more.
' The more you dump out, the more you become dehydrated.
And people who are dehydrated spiritually become spiritually constipated.
He said, 'You must remain hydrated spiritually.
' And that's what a lot of ministers do.
He said, 'Brandon, a lot of my people are spiritually dehydrated.
' And the only way you become hydrated is drinking of the water of the word, drinking of my spirit, and getting in the meat of the word and feeding your spirit.
It's like these people like this that impart into you.
I have two Bees in my life: Billy Burke and Billye Brim.
Ain't that neat?
Billy B.
I got two Billye Brims and Billy Burke, and it's like BB's and BB's.
And I just go, 'Wow, isn't that amazing?
The Lord just put two BBs in my life.
You're a BB, too.
And I'm a BB.
I'm a Brandon Biggs.
And I got a Billy Burke and a Billye Brim that just really try to help me out.
And it's awesome to have people that are the BBs talking to you.
' And I go, 'Thank you, Father, for the BBs.
' Because when Billy Burke's really busy, because he is a lot, he can't talk to me, and he'll send Billye Brim.
And then when Billye Brim's busy, he sends Billy Burke.
And it's always somebody trying to help me out.
So I go, 'Thank God for this man and this woman trying to help me navigate through something that I'm doing ministry for the first time.
' And I'm like, 'I'm not alone.
' You're just thankful for people helping you along the way that are seasoned veterans.
One is in their 70s and one's in their 80s.
And you go, 'Thank God for people that are seasoned.
They're not young and say, "Well, I'm in the ministry and I've been in it for 5 years and I'm here to help you.
"' I'm like, 'I appreciate it, but thanks, but no thanks.
I appreciate the people that say, "I've been in the ministry for 60 years, brother, and I'm still going.
"' And I'm like, 'You can talk to me because you've walked it, you've lived it, and you are polished.
' That's a beautiful thing.
And then God puts beautiful pastors in your life that go and say, 'Listen,' and if they feel correction, they'll correct you, and they help you.
They help you.
Correction is a good thing.
Godly correction is a good thing.
And that's why I want to encourage you all.
Don't despise correction.
I was corrected big time.
And you go, 'Okay, praise the Lord.
' The Holy Spirit's just trying to tug at your heart and move you this way and push you this way so that you are able to get it.
The greater the level, the greater the devil, but the greater responsibility.
For much is given, much is required.
And that's what the Lord keeps telling me.
He said, "Brandon, the more I give you, the more you're required to walk in more excellence and more of a relationship with me.
" And so, you know, Billye Brim said to me, "In all that you do," remember the Bible says, "In all that you do and in word and in deed, do all for the glory of God.
" And if it's not giving glory to God in all that you do, in word and deed, remember, it's not the Holy Spirit leading you.
In all that you do, and in word and in deed, do all for the glory of God, and you'll always keep yourself right before him.
It's the most important thing you can do: in all that you do, and in word and in deed, do all for the glory of God.
And so that's what I have to leave you with today with that part.
Now let's pray and let's see what the Lord has for us.
Let's just intercede and pray for some meetings.
Let's pray for this week.
We have a big week ahead of us.
This is the last week of July.
We're getting ready to step into August.
Can you believe this month is already over?
That means we're already halfway through the year.
Plus, we only have five months left of 2025.
There's still a lot we can do in 2025.
What are you going to do with whatever God's given you for the rest of this year?
We have August, September, October, November, and December.
Five months left.
School's about to start back up.
Fall's almost here soon.
But it's very interesting because we're entering into that five-month countdown.
And I go, "Wow, God, where is this year going?
" Father, I thank you, Lord, for your body that was broken for us.
Father, we lift it up before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, we're healed.
Father, we lift up this body before you, God.
And we thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
And we're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
Father, we take this body right now in Jesus' name.
Every one of us are healed.
He's already paid for it.
And so, Father, we just receive it.
We fight and say, "We are not the sick trying to get well.
We're the healed saying sickness can't come on us.
" We're fighting from the place of victory.
We've already got it.
We're not going, "God, please heal us.
" Jesus already healed you, ladies and gentlemen.
We're resisting the devil trying to steal our healing.
Do you understand?
It's a different mindset.
You're coming at it saying, "God, I know I'm already healed in your word.
I've already received my healing.
I've already received it by faith, but I'm resisting the devil's symptoms of whatever you're facing right now.
" All kinds of symptoms—back pains, leg pains, brain pains, I don't know, whatever you may be overcoming.
We're not the sick trying to get well.
We're the healed resisting sickness.
That's exactly right.
We are the healed resisting sickness.
We're not trying to get it.
We've already got it.
I'm not accepting that in my body, devil.
I'm not accepting it.
You have to fight the good fight of faith.
That is the fight.
The good fight is the one that you already won.
We're overcomers and say, "I've already won this.
" Why?
Not because I have to get it.
It's because I'm resisting you trying to take it from me.
You're not taking what God already provided for me in the spirit realm.
He already said I'm healed.
He already says I'm whole.
He already says I'm delivered.
He already says that by his stripes we're healed, right?
But he said he became poor that you might be rich, right?
He already said that we're deliverers.
You're more than a conqueror.
That means you're even better than a conqueror.
So if I'm more than a conqueror, I'm not trying to defeat the devil.
The devil's already defeated, and I'm telling him he's already underneath my feet.
As he tries to rear his head up and say, "No, you're not going to do that to me.
You're not going to do that to me.
I'm healed and whole and well, and I am more than a conqueror today.
I'm walking in what the precious blood of Jesus paid for.
And I walk in divine healing.
I walk in divine health.
I thank you, Lord.
From the top of my head to the soles of my feet, I am delivered from satanic bondage.
" Do you believe that today?
You have to be a believing believer that believes the word of God.
And I say, "I believe what he said about me today.
And I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
Thank you, Lord, that I am healed.
I am whole.
I am well.
And I am prosperous in every area of my life.
Thank you, Father, in Jesus' name.
Now, Father, I make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of me.
I plead the blood of Jesus Christ over my life, and I say in the name of Jesus, I am delivered.
I am whole.
I am well in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Father, for the blood right now.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
Amen and amen.
Isn't he good?
You have to say, "Jesus is wonderful.
Thank you for what you did for me.
Amen and amen.
" So, we're going to pray.
All right, I'm just jumping right in the river today.
Okay, you just jump right in with me and let's see what the Holy Spirit has for us.
I play Kim today in the background.
He's helping me pull.
There's things here that need to be exposed.
There's things that need to be exposed.
I'm seeing darkness today when I was praying before, and this is my private prayer time; I'm letting you all in it.
Today I see...
Oh, there's many of you that have been going through the valley of decision.
There's great decisions that you'll make.
I see a great transition for many of you.
I see cars driving through hills.
I see a red car, I see a blue car, and they look like old cartoon cars.
And I see the hills—it's a winding path.
Many of you have been taking—and the leaves are falling off the trees.
I see autumn leaves falling off the trees.
A transition you will see.
It's not the short way many of you had to go, but it's the long way.
It's a curvy road today.
I see acorns again.
I see acorns coming off the trees, off the oak trees.
I see brown oak leaves, and I see acorns falling on the ground.
It's about the acorn again and the oak tree.
And these look like the Ozark Hills—the Ozark mountain hills.
And it's a curving of roads.
For there's so much distraction.
There are so many voices.
There's so much that's going on that is not of me.
He says there's so much that's going on.
There are no shortcuts.
Do you understand?
It's curving.
This is spending time with him.
It's like a curving road.
Fall comes, spring comes, things come, and you just keep going on the road.
You keep going on the road of life, and you keep going on this road.
But everybody wants a straight shot.
That's what he's saying.
Everybody wants a straight shot.
And it's a cultivation, a cultivation of what it will take.
Oh, it's repetition, it's repetition, and it's going over and over and over.
And I'll say this again, because I said it a little, there's much you would hear.
When people have said, "I look at the prophetic," and he's showing it as a whole, true prophetic comes to attract, to deflect to Him—like you hear the worship, Kim attracted by the glory, by bringing down the glory, I see—and accuracy comes from the anointing.
Whenever you are trying to, like tarot card readers and crystal ball readers, they're listening and tapping into a demonic spirit realm.
But anytime the Lord speaks into the glory and it's accurate, it comes from worship or out of the Word.
He doesn't detach himself from the Word or from worship.
It's always giving Him glory, and it's pulling down and attracting to deflect, to get Him to give the glory through the prophetic word.
So you see a lot of people, they come, and—this is to step on toes—but you say, "Well, they gave me my address, they gave me my phone number, they gave me this and that.
They told me my name or my street.
" He told me all this is from familiar spirits speaking to thee.
Do you understand there?
It's a demonic spirit talking.
And he said, "When you see people that are tapping into something without tapping into the glory first, I don't care what they're saying, test the spirit.
" He's saying, "If it doesn't give me glory, if it attracts attention to them, if they're doing something and it looks like the Lord, you have to test the spirit to see if it's attracting the glory to them.
" You see what I'm saying?
If it is attracting the glory to them, if they go up and say, "I see this and this and this about you," that's the same thing as fortune tellers, right?
If it attracts the glory and gives them glory and doesn't give God glory, it's not God.
That's what the Lord tells me.
If it is giving Him glory, souls are being saved, and people are being healed.
For true prophetic purity comes by giving God glory all the time.
You must give God glory all the time.
It's always about giving God praise and glory; it always deflects to Him.
Warning you, harbingers, warning you of things to come, comes through prayer.
And if they're not praying and they're just hearing, be careful.
If they're always just hearing and there's no prayer coming forth out of it or worship out of it and they just step into it, be careful because we're supposed to—it's like the mirror deflecting the glory to Him.
And the Lord said to be very cautious of people who just step into the prophetic like that.
Kim always worshiped first.
He didn't go around just prophesying all the time.
He worshiped, which gave God praise and brought glory to Him.
And prophetic words came through him after he worshiped first.
That's what happened all the time.
Every time you see his videos, he's worshiping, playing on his piano, singing.
Boom, the glory came, and God worked through the glory because it wasn't giving Kim praise.
Kim Clement is who I'm talking about.
It gave God praise and worship first.
Do you see?
And true prophetic flows through that prayer like what I'm doing, where you worship and sing, giving God praise.
It's not about man; it's not you attracted to man.
Fortune tellers attract the glory to them.
"Look at my cards.
Look at my crystal ball.
Let me tell you what's coming.
" It's familiar spirits.
You know why?
Because Satan always tried to take—he wanted the praise for himself.
Satan wanted the praise.
He was full of pride.
And anytime you operate in a soothsayer spirit with witchcraft and divination, it always attracts pride to you.
And God resists the proud, and He gives grace to the humble.
Give God praise and you will hear accuracy in these days ahead.
But if you see false prophets—and you'll see a lot of them—they always attract to themselves.
I don't care if they're writing on something, I don't care if it attracts to them and there's no glory to Him.
Run, run, because it's not Him.
It's not Him speaking; they're tapping into something.
And I see darkness on people, I see cobras around people, I see snakes, and this is a form of witchcraft.
Run, run.
And there's many more to come.
The Lord says there's much more to be exposed.
If they're not operating and getting people saved, if they're not tapping into healings and demonstrations and manifestations like it was with Elijah...
Healings come to give God glory.
That's how you bring in the fishing net; it's the fishing bait to give God glory.
You need to get saved.
You need to repent, for the kingdom of God is at hand in these last days.
And the Lord said, "I've told you and I've warned you in my Word that many false prophets will rise in that day.
" And that's what I've been interceding for before I just came on this.
I stop, I have prayer time, and I worship.
But sometimes I like to hear myself sing.
Every single time, I'm telling you, I listen to Kim and I listen to him worship, and I tap into the glory with him, and there's something there.
But you must learn to tap and stay on the vine because you're a branch.
Do you understand?
And the vine is worship.
It's the Holy Spirit.
It's the life's blood of a Christian—worship giving God praise.
"Oh, the mountain of the Lord, I can hear Your voice.
The mountain of the Lord, I can touch Your face.
" Do you understand?
There is a place for those who are thirsty.
"In the mountain of the Lord, in the mountain of the Lord, I can hear Your voice.
" It's in His mountain.
"And in the mountain of the Lord, I can touch Your face.
" Do you understand?
It's at that mountain.
It's in worship.
"I stand alone, I hold You close.
My desire purified, my dreams are realized.
And You, You carry me to the sound of Your heartbeat.
And I can freely see that You are here with me.
" I just had to get that across, what the Holy Spirit said.
It is so strong on intercession today of exposing darkness.
I saw this minister and there were four cobra eggs around him.
Four cobra eggs, and one of the cobras hatched out of this—that's why I knew it was a cobra egg.
There were four eggs, and there was a cobra hatched, and it was slithering around.
I see these things, and this is the part that I don't show on camera, but this is what I say: "What is this?
" And the Lord shows me much darkness on some ministers, and they're being exposed soon.
There's darkness on some ministers and they'll be exposed soon.
You're going to see a great transition in the days ahead.
Father, I worship You.
It's all through worship.
It's all through giving God praise.
And it's like you can feel it when you cut that off, that worship like that.
He's trying to show you all something tonight.
He's showing me something.
The gift is only pure when worship is going, when you're praising and when you're singing.
When I sing these songs, from glory to glory, this is what I'm saying, this is showing.
If you want to tap into His river and you want to hear Him, you have to give Him praise first.
Don't just go around trying to hear voices.
Oh, Father, the mountain of the Lord.
Do you understand?
I'm trying to help you all.
There are so many people—I'm getting emails and they're saying, "I'm hearing voices.
" I'm hearing this.
Is this God?
No, it's not God.
He only comes through the river.
He only comes through praise and worship.
He only comes through praying in tongues.
Check the spirits.
And the only way you hear it pure is by coming underneath the glory.
Remember I told you I had a visitation.
What do you see, man of God?
You only hear pure by worship.
Do not tap into trying to listen to things without worship and praise first, or by praying in the spirit.
It's a cultivation.
Don't just go around listening, being weird.
Get in the Word.
He'll speak to you through His Word.
If it attracts attention to you, it's not Jesus.
If it attracts attention to Him, it's Jesus.
Remember, you decrease, He increases.
I have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power will be known of Him and not of me.
If it attracts attention to you, it's not God.
It's all about giving Him praise and worship in these last days.
You must stay on course.
The car is swerving and you want it there quick, but there's no microwave.
It's cultivate, cultivate, cultivate.
And I'm telling you, you've got to stay in that cultivation.
It's the potter's wheel.
It's a slow process: fire, mold, dying to self.
Apostle Paul said, "I die daily.
" Why?
I decrease, He increases.
If it gives you glory, it is not God.
Satan was all about the glory.
Satan was all about attracting it to him.
If I could exalt myself above the Most High, why?
It's pride.
Please listen to me.
I'm trying to help you.
Oh, Father, I thank You, Father.
I feel the presence of the Lord so strong.
There's too much falseness out there.
There's too much static.
The mountain of the Lord.
He's in the music.
Oh, thank You, Father.
I so miss this, man.
It's not about being a showboat.
It's about Jesus.
I found the place.
So many people are trying to get me to perform.
They're trying to get you to perform out of a whim.
He's not in it.
You can't make it happen.
It's not your car.
He said, "I'll come into the glove and anoint the glove.
" You understand?
I'm just a tool is what I want to say.
I let Him move through me to bless His people, but it's always about Him.
Father, we worship You today.
Is there anything else You want to say today?
Father, I feel so strong to warn the people, for there's so much static out there.
There's too many voices, Brandon, that are not of Me.
And how do you recognize the wrong voices?
How do you recognize the people who are off?
There's darkness there.
I don't care how much they tell you they're hearing God; if there's no worship in it, if there's no praise in it, if there's no prayer in it, be very cautious.
It always goes back to the Word.
Signs follow them that believe.
It flows.
The bottom line is, if they're drawing you a picture, if they're writing you a letter, if Jesus sent it and it's giving glory to them, run.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
The Lord told me tonight.
He warned me very strongly.
Follow the voice of God, but make sure it's a pure source by praise, worship, and prayer.
Prophets pray.
Praying prophets.
Do you understand?
Prophets pray.
People who are of God worship.
If you've ever seen Billy Burke, it always goes around worship first, and worship and praise, and then the healing comes.
It's all peace.
Prophets praise, pray, and prophesy.
You understand?
Praise, prayer, prophesy.
It all comes from peace.
But that's how the glory flows.
And how do you know it's authentic?
Because they praise, they pray, and they prophesy.
And I believe in miracles.
Do you understand?
I've seen the soul set free, miraculous—the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
I'm trying to help you all to recognize it.
And I'm not saying Brandon's accurate just because he prays, prophesies, preaches, and all the other things.
What?
Yeah, there's another P: praise, prophesies, preaches.
I mean, there's a lot of P's.
But it's all about giving God glory from glory to glory.
He's changing us.
And if it's attracting it to you, you're in trouble because God said, He told me, He said, "I won't share it with no one.
" So, what the Lord is trying to do is demonstrate to you tonight by listening.
Is that as loud as it gets?
It's a demonstration.
He's trying to teach you.
And this is how we do it.
All the other stuff is flaky.
And it's the only way you're going to get pure of really hearing God's voice and hearing it accurately in these last days.
We must get to the heartbeat of the Father or you're going to get snared by familiar spirits.
There's so much of it on the internet right now, and there's so much of it in my email right now.
My account literally read them to me all afternoon.
I go, "Oh, dear God, we've got to teach them.
This is the only way you're going to hear the Father accurately: worship, Bible, and prayer.
" Worship.
Find something.
This is how I do it.
I stand so close, my desire purified, my dreams are realized, and You carry me to the sound of Your heartbeat.
And I can freely see that You are there with me on the wings of destiny.
Thank You, Lord.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
For You are good and Your mercy endures forever.
I think it's interesting.
He said, "Demonstrate, demonstrate, show them, teach them.
" Oh, Father, we thank You, Lord.
We attract to deflect.
Father, we give You praise, glory, and honor tonight.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Jesus.
Thank You, Lord.
The mountain of the Lord.
You can play the next song.
It's fine.
No, it's good.
Worship Him.
Father, we worship You.
I found a place.
I found that there is joy unspeakable, and I found some peace—a peace I've never known.
I found a place right by Your side.
Thank You, Father.
I found a place right next to You, by the rock.
Thank You, Lord.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
He gave His life, what more could He give?
Oh, how He loves you, oh, how He loves me, oh, how He loves you and me.
It always comes back to Him.
Do you understand?
No matter how much, if it ever brings glory to you, it's not God.
The gift never should bring glory to the person.
No matter how many people come on this channel and say how great Brandon is, it's wrong.
It always gives God glory.
I'm just a vessel, and He can use any single person out here.
Every single one of you can be used by Him.
There's no one that God will not use and put His hand on if you give Him glory in these last days.
I always want you to know, if you're coming on here, Brandon is not great outside of Jesus.
No matter how clear or, "Oh, he sees heaven, he sees this," it doesn't matter.
It's all about giving Him worship in this.
I don't ever say you've overstepped your boundaries, Brandon.
I can't use you anymore because the platform became about Brandon.
It's about Jesus.
And it's so important that you always come on here and we give him praise.
I decrease, he increases.
I have to tell you this over and over.
That's my heart, and it will always be the pulse and the blood flow of this channel.
Jesus is the reason for everything, and it's not fake.
I see so many false humble people that try to pretend they're humble by saying what I'm saying.
It's something that oozes out of you because you really truly know that without him, I can do nothing.
Apart from him, I can do nothing.
Just like Jesus said, 'Apart from the Father, I can do nothing.
' I can do nothing.
And if Jesus said it, I'm going to say it even more.
I hear so many people say, 'Oh, I've got to stay humble.
' You don't have to stay humble.
It is either in you and you know that you're nothing, or it's not.
There's no pretending.
There is a lot of pretending.
It's something that you die to daily, especially when you get a platform as big as what's happening with me.
You die to it.
That's why I said it doesn't matter.
The Lord told me, 'Do not read the comment section anymore.
' Who cares what they say, either good or bad about you?
It does not matter.
Only focus on what I say.
So I take it off my phone.
Who cares?
It's about him anyway, right?
Does this make sense, what I'm trying to tell you all?
It's so important that you get this because this is going to be the life's blood to your hearing him and listening to him every day, and discernment, because there are so many false words, so much about giving them, about my platform.
It ain't about nothing, I'm telling you.
And even when the glory starts coming, he told me, he warned me.
He said, 'You're going to see a lot of people being raised from the dead, and you're going to see a lot of falseness and stuff.
' I'm telling you, folks, you don't want to be snared by what's about to happen.
It's always about giving God glory.
'You deserve the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name.
You deserve the glory and the honor.
For you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
For you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
You deserve the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name.
For you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
' Do you see?
It's all giving him glory.
That's why I sing that song.
'For you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
' Oh, Father, we praise you today, Father, for you deserve the glory.
Everything you need—the Lord just said this to me—everything they need, everything they need is in the form of a seed.
Everything they need is in the form of a seed.
Seedtime, harvest, worship, sowing, worship, worship.
Father, we worship you and you reap blessing.
There's blessing in it.
Do you see?
As you give him praise, as you sow into the kingdom of God financially, there's blessing behind it.
But it's a sacrifice of yourself; you're sowing into it.
You give of your substance of what you worked hard for all week long.
You worked hard for it.
You sowed.
You worked by the sweat of your brow.
You worked, but you sowed into it.
But he even said, 'Those that sow in secret will be rewarded openly.
' Those that plant—it's seedtime, harvest, never cease, right?
That whatever a man sows, that will he also reap.
But those that give in secret will be rewarded openly.
Those that pray in secret will be rewarded openly.
Do you see?
There are so many things about it.
It's about deflecting the glory off of you.
Because if people are going, 'Good job, you sowed that seed, and boy, I tell you what,' you've got your reward.
You got your reward.
'Oh, man, you're so awesome.
' You got your reward.
You're getting praise from man.
I'm telling you, I'm sowing for the thousand years.
I'm sowing in secret, trying to deflect it to him so that whenever I get there, he says, 'Well done, thy good and faithful servant.
' It's all about deflating yourself.
Humble yourself under the mighty hand of the Lord, and in due time, he will exalt you.
But you have to humble yourself first.
It's always to humble.
It's always deflating the ego.
It's always looking at him, always.
I've never seen a prideful man either stay there or keep it there.
It's always short-lived.
The moment you get an ego—so many ministers I've seen fall, and it's because they got a big head.
And I'm telling you, this is what this whole prayer session is about.
Deflate.
Hear him.
All this stuff out here, hear him, deflate, right?
So I pray this message blessed you today.
'We give him the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name.
You deserve the glory and the honor.
For you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
For you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
' Do you see it?
I hope I made it as clear as I could today.
Like, Lord, I just want so bad for them to get it.
Thank you, Lord.
'If I be lifted up,' he said, 'I'll draw all men unto me.
' Lord, we praise you.
Lord, we magnify you.
We give you honor and glory today.
Thank you, Lord, for you inhabit the praises of your people.
Father, we give you praise and glory in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
Well, if you're here for the first time, I know this is kind of a different video, but it's what the Holy Spirit told me to do tonight.
He instructed me: 'Pray and show.
' Always take them back to how they can have a relationship with the Father.
'How do I have a relationship with the Father as a believer?
How do I hear God, Brandon?
' You don't know how many emails I get: 'How do I hear God, Brandon?
' This is how.
This is how.
If you're not doing this, you're missing it.
This is how you hear God, period.
Reading your Bible and doing exactly what I just demonstrated.
If you want to hear God for yourself, it's not through some YouTube video from somebody else, from prophet so-and-so.
This is how you build a relationship with the Father to hear him clearly.
And that's how you don't get snared by a familiar spirit.
What I just demonstrated is how you don't get snared by a familiar spirit or a demonic spirit.
And read 'How to Be Led by the Spirit of God' by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
It's a great book.
Even Sister Billy told me today, 'Brandon, you've got to read it again.
' And I said, 'Yep, I've got to read it again.
Read it again, read it again.
' 'How to Be Led by the Spirit of God' by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
Great book.
You need to find it.
You can buy it on Amazon or directly from eBay.
They sell—you can get it from Kenneth Hagin Ministries.
It's still there.
You can go on there.
Wherever you buy, it's supporting them.
They're out there.
But I'm just saying all glory.
'We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his love, his wonderful love.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his love, his wonderful love.
' So many babies are coming in here.
So I hope I helped you all today by telling you how to get there.
I want so badly for you to hear so clearly.
And the only way you're going to do it and not get snared is by doing exactly what I just told you.
It works for me.
And so I believe if it works for me, if it works for Braden, works for Diana, works for people that are around me.
You don't want to listen to familiar spirits.
Do you hear what I'm saying?
And they'll come to snare.
They'll come as an angel of light to whisper in your ear and tell you things and you go, "Hold on a minute.
Hold on.
" We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his love, his wonderful love.
We give all of the glory to Jesus.
You get it?
It's giving him glory.
So, okay.
Well, I hope that video blessed you all today.
Please, if you could help me.
Could you help me do something?
This is my thing I ask you to do.
Remember, I never ask you for nothing.
And these people, we had—I think, was it three or four people today?
They said, "We sent you all our jewelry.
We sent you all our money and all the stuff because you asked for it.
" D said, "What are you talking about?
We didn't ask you for your jewelry.
" Some people—listen, they're snaring you.
These are scammers.
You didn't send Brandon your jewelry and you didn't send Brandon your money.
I don't ask for nothing.
Do not send these people.
You got scammed.
You got ripped off.
Somebody stole your stuff from you.
Do not do this.
I am not on Telegram.
I am not on WhatsApp.
All these apps are for crooks.
Do not use this for ministry.
This is not me.
Don't give money to these people.
Do not send them your diamonds.
Do not send them your gold jewelry.
It disgusted me because this lady said, "Somebody stole a lot of money from me then.
" And I was like, "Oh my goodness, lady.
I don't know who you are.
I pray for you.
I pray for your loss.
It's very sad.
I will not ask you for nothing.
Please, the only thing I'm ever going to ask you for is this: subscribe to my channel.
This is the life's blood, helping it to get in the algorithm.
Subscribe.
Please.
Click the notification bell.
Click the like button.
Leave a comment down below.
Say something: 'Hey, how are you doing?
We're so blessed by the video,' whatever you want to do.
Even if you have criticism—I mean, I guess you can do that, but I don't read it.
God, deliver me from that.
So, we pray this video really blessed you today because I'm just trying to help all these believers, these new babies.
They say, 'How do we hear God?
' I mean, that's what this all came out of, because I thought, well, and the Lord said, 'Demonstrate, demonstrate, demonstrate, demonstrate.
Show them.
' And this is the best way of teaching somebody, I feel, is by demonstrating how you do it.
And I listen to Brother Kim, and I listen to other worship, and I praise Him, and I draw it out of the throne room.
So does that bless you today?
Hopefully it did.
It blesses me because this is how I do it.
So glory to God.
Well, thank you for joining us today.
Remember, we love you so much.
Thank you for all your kindness.
Thank you for your support.
God bless you all today.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.